Reference file: duhcrypt.txt

Both Jeremy and Matt are starting to crank up they're learning of python and I know Jason has some programming skills so pick your language but tonight Lord willing I will be sending out a scrambled document with the letters of the alphabet being encrypted by just a mapping from one letter to another. Your mission should you choose to accept it will be to programmatically with the language of your choice come up with the key mapping using the following approach. Your program must first pull in the scramble document and then also pull in a large text of document from somewhere you pull on from the web your choice. Then you will analyze the document you have pulled in from the web to determine the frequency of letters in the normal English language based off of your document that you have pulled in. From there you will map the frequency of the scramble document letters and then you will take a first pass of trying to decrypt the document I sent you with that Association of letter frequency between the encrypted document and the standard language text document. Once your program does that then your program becomes Interactive to allow you to map other characters to finish off the decryption and then when it's done and you feel like you've got it all solved then your program should print out the key mapping and you have accomplished your mission 🙂 well actually the last part of your mission will be to submit your code back to me and I will give you a get repo to put it in 🙂 but you can just send it to me in an email if you want for those of you not quite schooled and git 🙂 you will be graded on the quality of your code and the novelty of your solution albeit a bit subjective by me 🙂 haha Paul @Paul Timothy Sprague feel free to invite any of your kids who are programmatically inclined that you think might want to be part of this 🙂 no time limit I know all of you have busy schedules. Well let's just say we will shoot for some time after Valentine's Day to have all your sweet Solutions in haha 🙂 and I will grade by the end of February:-) declaring a winner 🙂 I did not proofread this so please read between the lines. This is actually an assignment I had when I was in computer science in college and it was a neat way to teach me how cool it was to solve things with computers! 🙂
You sent
Of course the over 60 crew here is allowed to participate and very welcome we want to see what you got 🙂

The duhcryption algorithm is not case sensitive so if the letter X is mapped to the letter j then it happens for both uppercase and lowercase but the case is always preserved. There is also digit mapping and special character mapping which I threw in for a little twist:-) there are probably a few characters that might not even be encrypted. But the full alphabet and digits are. Okay enough hints! Now let's get cracking that code!

So, there is character to character mapping, digit to digit mapping, and also special character (think !#%*) to special character mapping in the encryption.
